# ClipEase

ClipEase is a minimal clipboard application built using Tailwind CSS for sleek and responsive design. It allows you to track and organize everything you copy, providing instant access to your clipboard on all your devices.

## Features

- **Quick Search**: Easily search your snippets by content, category, web address, application, and more.
- **iCloud Sync**: Instantly saves and syncs snippets across all your devices.
- **Complete History**: Retrieve any snippets from the first moment you started using the app.
- **Access Anywhere**: Access all your ClipEase snippets in a few simple clicks, whether you’re on the go or at your computer.
- **Supercharge Your Workflow**: Tools to boost your productivity, including creating blacklists, plain text snippets, and sneak preview.

## Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GifftyCode/ClipEase.git
   cd ClipEase
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm run watch
   ```

## Usage

Open `index.html` in your web browser to view the ClipEase website. 

## File Structure

- `index.html`: The main HTML file.
- `input.css`: Input file for Tailwind CSS.
- `css/style.css`: Output CSS file generated by Tailwind CSS.
- `images/`: Directory containing images used in the project.

## Development

To develop and make changes, run the Tailwind CSS watch command:
```bash
npm run watch
```

This will automatically rebuild the CSS whenever changes are made to `input.css`.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

